notebooks/SDSS/sdss.md, before:

# Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS)

## What is SDSS?
The Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS) is an international collaboration producing wide-field imaging and high-resolution spectroscopic surveys since 1998. The [SDSS Legacy Archive at MAST](https://archive.stsci.edu/missions-and-data/sdss) is the collection of science-ready SDSS data hosted at MAST. This includes images, spectra, catalogs and Value Added Catalogs (VACs) from all public SDSS data releases through SDSS-V.

## For Further Reading
The [SDSS Legacy Archive at MAST User Manual](https://outerspace.stsci.edu/display/SDSS/The+SDSS+Legacy+Archive+at+MAST) website contains summary information, data product overviews, descriptions of MAST tools, and tutorials on how to interact with SDSS data at MAST.

For more general information relating to SDSS, the documentation is available on [the SDSS homepage](https://www.sdss.org)



## Notebooks in this Chapter

| Notebook        | Description                                                                                                                                                  |
|-----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [MaNGA and HST Tutorial](https://spacetelescope.github.io/mast_notebooks/notebooks/SDSS/MaNGA_HST_tutorial/MaNGA_HST_tutorial.html) | Tutorial for how to search and download MaNGA data at MAST using `astroquery.mast`. Combines H-alpha emission maps from MaNGA and images from HST to make galaxy maps for for interacting galaxy pair Mrk-848B. |
| [APOGEE and TESS Tutorial](https://spacetelescope.github.io/mast_notebooks/notebooks/SDSS/APOGEE_TESS_tutorial/APOGEE_TESS_tutorial.html) | Tutorial for how to search and download APOGEE data at MAST using `astroquery.mast`. Combines infrared spectra from APOGEE and corresponding lightcurves from TESS to characterize different types of variable stars. |
| [eBOSS and JWST Tutorial](https://spacetelescope.github.io/mast_notebooks/notebooks/SDSS/eBOSS_JWST_tutorial/eBOSS_JWST_tutorial.html) | Tutorial for how to search and download eBOSS data at MAST using `astroquery.mast`. Characterizing emission lines in high-redshift quasars using optical spectra from eBOSS and infrared spectra from JWST. |
| [eBOSS and HST Tutorial](https://spacetelescope.github.io/mast_notebooks/notebooks/SDSS/eBOSS_HST_hubbles_law/hubbles_law.html) | Tutorial for how to search and download eBOSS data at MAST using `astroquery.mast`. Calculating the Hubble constant using spectral data from eBOSS as well as creating a color image of Abell 2199 using HST. |
| [SDSS Legacy Imaging Survey and Gaia Tutorial](https://spacetelescope.github.io/mast_notebooks/notebooks/SDSS/SDSS_LEGACY_IMAGING_cmd/cmd_diagram.html) | Tutorial for how to search and download SDSS Legacy Imaging Survey data and Gaia data from MAST. Calculating the age of M13 with Color-Magnitude Diagrams using parallax from Gaia and stellar isochrones from the PARSEC database. |
| [SDSS Legacy Imaging Survey and Astrocut Tutorial](https://spacetelescope.github.io/mast_notebooks/notebooks/SDSS/SDSS_LEGACY_IMAGING_galaxy_morphology/galaxy_morphology.html) | Tutorial for how to search and download SDSS Legacy Imaging Survey data from MAST and use the `Astrocut` Python package. Creating a Hubble Tuning Fork Diagram with cutout images to understand galaxy morphology. |

More SDSS notebooks will be coming soon!

Commit message:

adding notebook for SDSS Legacy Spectra survey

notebooks/SDSS/sdss.md, after:

# Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS)

## What is SDSS?
The Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS) is an international collaboration producing wide-field imaging and high-resolution spectroscopic surveys since 1998. The [SDSS Legacy Archive at MAST](https://archive.stsci.edu/missions-and-data/sdss) is the collection of science-ready SDSS data hosted at MAST. This includes images, spectra, catalogs and Value Added Catalogs (VACs) from all public SDSS data releases through SDSS-V.

## For Further Reading
The [SDSS Legacy Archive at MAST User Manual](https://outerspace.stsci.edu/display/SDSS/The+SDSS+Legacy+Archive+at+MAST) website contains summary information, data product overviews, descriptions of MAST tools, and tutorials on how to interact with SDSS data at MAST.

For more general information relating to SDSS, the documentation is available on [the SDSS homepage](https://www.sdss.org)

## Notebooks in this Chapter

| Notebook        | Description                                                                                                                                                  |
|-----------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [MaNGA and HST Tutorial](https://spacetelescope.github.io/mast_notebooks/notebooks/SDSS/MaNGA_HST_tutorial/MaNGA_HST_tutorial.html) | Tutorial for how to search and download MaNGA data at MAST using `astroquery.mast`. Combines H-alpha emission maps from MaNGA and images from HST to make galaxy maps for for interacting galaxy pair Mrk-848B. |
| [APOGEE and TESS Tutorial](https://spacetelescope.github.io/mast_notebooks/notebooks/SDSS/APOGEE_TESS_tutorial/APOGEE_TESS_tutorial.html) | Tutorial for how to search and download APOGEE data at MAST using `astroquery.mast`. Combines infrared spectra from APOGEE and corresponding lightcurves from TESS to characterize different types of variable stars. |
| [eBOSS and JWST Tutorial](https://spacetelescope.github.io/mast_notebooks/notebooks/SDSS/eBOSS_JWST_tutorial/eBOSS_JWST_tutorial.html) | Tutorial for how to search and download eBOSS data at MAST using `astroquery.mast`. Characterizing emission lines in high-redshift quasars using optical spectra from eBOSS and infrared spectra from JWST. |
| [eBOSS and HST Tutorial](https://spacetelescope.github.io/mast_notebooks/notebooks/SDSS/eBOSS_HST_hubbles_law/hubbles_law.html) | Tutorial for how to search and download eBOSS data at MAST using `astroquery.mast`. Calculating the Hubble constant using spectral data from eBOSS as well as creating a color image of Abell 2199 using HST. |
| [SDSS Legacy Imaging Survey and Gaia Tutorial](https://spacetelescope.github.io/mast_notebooks/notebooks/SDSS/SDSS_LEGACY_IMAGING_cmd/cmd_diagram.html) | Tutorial for how to search and download SDSS Legacy Imaging Survey data and Gaia data from MAST. Calculating the age of M13 with Color-Magnitude Diagrams using parallax from Gaia and stellar isochrones from the PARSEC database. |
| [SDSS Legacy Imaging Survey and Astrocut Tutorial](https://spacetelescope.github.io/mast_notebooks/notebooks/SDSS/SDSS_LEGACY_IMAGING_galaxy_morphology/galaxy_morphology.html) | Tutorial for how to search and download SDSS Legacy Imaging Survey data from MAST and use the `Astrocut` Python package. Creating a Hubble Tuning Fork Diagram with cutout images to understand galaxy morphology. |
| [Spectral Classification with the SDSS Legacy Spectra Survey](https://spacetelescope.github.io/mast_notebooks/notebooks/SDSS/SDSS_SEGUE_spectra/sdss_stellar_spectra.html) | Tutorial for how to search for and download SDSS Legacy Spectra data from MAST, plotting spectra for different classifications of stars from the SEGUE survey. |


More SDSS notebooks will be coming soon!
